Clarify the behavior of overlay-ports. (#422)
microsoft/vcpkg-docs: vcpkg/commands/common-options.md

### <a name="overlay-ports"></a> `--overlay-ports=<path>`

> Specifies a directory either an [overlay port](../concepts/package-name-resolution.md#overlays), or subdirectories that are themselves overlay-ports. If `<path>` contains a `CONTROL` or `vcpkg.json`, subdirectories are not considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies a directory either an [overlay port](../concepts/package-name-resolution.md#overlays), or subdirectories that are themselves overlay-ports. If `<path>` is a folder containing a `CONTROL` or `vcpkg.json`, it is treated as a overlay port folder and subdirectories will **not** be considered as additional overlay ports.
```

I find a slightly longer explanation better since the short versions raises the question: "For what are subdirectories not considered?"

Author: I applied this suggestion, except I kept 'directory' rather than 'folder', and added a comma.

> Specifies a directory either an [overlay port](../concepts/package-name-resolution.md#overlays), or subdirectories that are themselves overlay-ports. If `<path>` is a directory containing a `CONTROL` or `vcpkg.json`, it is treated as a overlay port directory, and subdirectories will **not** be considered as additional overlay ports.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies a directory either an [overlay port](../concepts/package-name-resolution.md#overlays), or subdirectories that are themselves overlay-ports. If `<path>` is a directory containing a `CONTROL` or `vcpkg.json`, it is treated as an overlay port directory, and subdirectories will **not** be considered as additional overlay ports.
```
